everybody Welcome to impact Theory
you're here because you believe that
human potential is nearly Limitless but
you know that having potential is not
the same as actually doing something
with it so our goal with this show and
Company is to introduce you to the
people and ideas that are going to help
you actually make good on that potential
all right today's guest is by the
numbers one of the greatest NFL Super
stars of all time and his road to
superstardom is all the more inspiring
because it was a less than traditional
path he grew up in a tiny ass town in
Alabama I looked it up it is Tiny and
while he had a solid High School career
he didn't exactly light the world on
fire he wasn't heavily recruited and
didn't even see himself as having a
future in the NFL until his senior year
in college but he was hellbent to make
the most of the opportunities in his
life and prove that with enough desire
dedication and discipline you can go
anywhere you want to go and baby did he
ever go after getting drafted by the San
Francisco 49ers he set about smashing
records and making a name for himself in
a world where the average tenure in the
NFL is roughly 3 years he clocked 15
years going to the Pro Bowl six times
and being named an Associated Press All
Pro five times with 1,78 receptions
1,935 yards and
153 touchdowns he is virtually guant
guaranteed to be inducted into the Hall
of Fame in addition to his unbelievable
success in the grid iron he's also a
best-selling author who pendant
autobiography a book on Fitness and a
successful children's book additionally
he's a motivational speaker dedicated to
empowering today's youth and a
passionate supporter of the cause to
eradicate Alzheimer's disease please get
your popcorn ready and help me in
welcoming The Man Behind the athletic
clothing line prototype 81 the NFL
legend Terell
Owens thank you so much for coming on D
thanks thanks what a pleasure to have
you thanks for that intro dude my
pleasure trust me and researching people
so one of my big things writing the
intro obviously takes a lot of research
to find all the nitty-gritty stuff about
people but in that dude researching you
is insane what you've accomplished
especially taking into account what
you've said about your own physique
which is you know it wasn't about
natural prowess it was essentially about
busting your ass to create the physique
that you have now and be able to perform
at the level that you did right so talk
to us about that about starting out
feeling lanky not feeling like you could
really do what you wanted to do
athletically how did you get where you
ended up getting man where do I start um
again as you mentioned in the uh intro I
mean I wasn't heav heavily recruited
coming out of high school going into
college um I was just uh one of a number
of kids on our on our football team I
played Four Sports um obviously football
but I played basketball I ran track and
basketball was your first Dream right
absolutely it was my first love and I I
played a little baseball too um so when
I didn't when I didn't play uh baseball
I ran track and vice versa so um for me
it was just it was one of those things
man I as a little kid growing up in that
Tiny Town that you you spoke of in Ander
City Alabama I just wanted to play
something play a sport just wanted to be
active in the South foot football is
very very huge a huge sport that was
kind of just a way of the life in in
Alabama or in the South when Junior High
played defense I didn't me to like that
very much um so I like the offensive
side of the ball so um transitioned and
into High School played JV obviously
varsity and I saw a lot of the guys my
peers around me that were far greater
far much better than me skill set wise
and you know for me you know I wanted to
be on the field I wanted to play I saw
the guys that you know I went to class
with every day joked around with you
know we battled on the football field we
battled uh in whatever sport basketball
and I realized that I wasn't playing and
so if I knew if I if if I had to
motivate myself somehow to get on the
football field how was that going to
happen and so I I I was faced with a lot
of self-esteem issues at the same time
being lanky being picked on before
before now before I knew what bullying
was um that's what I that I experienced
a lot of that you know um and for me
that motivated me really it was twofold
I was kind of motivated to get in the
weit room because I got tired of getting
picked on and at the same time it helped
me on the football field um because I
think it was around my sophomore year
going into my junior year and some of
those Juniors that were about to turn
turn seniors and the seniors that had an
opportunity to go go on and play at the
Collegiate level um our coach stood in
stood in that locker room in the weight
room actually and he basically said if
you guys wanted to uh you know be like
these Juniors or these seniors U This Is
Where It Starts um so that was my
motivation in order to feel like I had
an you know give myself an opportunity
to make it I knew that what would you
believe you could change though cuz I
remember when I was in high school and I
remember that smell of the iron I didn't
have the sense that I could push myself
to evolve and change but you did for me
being a teenager I didn't I didn't
really know or realize what I what I was
what I was doing um all I know is I I
didn't like sitting on the sidelines
you're sitting there watching being a
teammate watching everybody else make
all the big plays make the big catches
you know you got the running back making
the the big plays big runs and defensive
guys they're making a big hits you know
I was on the sideline Witness and all of
that wishing I could be in there
contributing and so for me in order for
myself to to to get to that point I knew
that my skill set wasn't where it needed
to be I was tugging on my my coach's
shirt you know wanting to get in but he
realized as a coach and he assessed my
my my talent at that time that I just
wasn't ready and for me that I didn't I
didn't comprehend that all I know is I
practiced every day I worked hard I
wanted I wanted an opp opportunity to
play and it wasn't until really like my
junior senior year again lifting weights
um during the course of the year um I
knew that I was
undersized I asked my coach if I could
uh you know we had an enrichment period
during the course of the school year
where it's was like 30 40 minutes where
you could have downtime or extra time to
study and so he gave us an opportunity
and he basically notified the the the
the teaching staff that if we could get
a pass to go come down to the to the
weight room and lift extra and do some
extra stuff you know we could do that
and so that's what I did and my coach
that left my high school he went on to
um explain to the other kids um when I
made it pro that this is these are the
things that I did that enabled me to
help me uh get myself bigger faster and
stronger is taking advantage of those
opportunity and so anytime he he said
basically he could walk down the walk
down the hall or he could be somewhere
in the vicinity and if he heard any
weights or anything clanking in there he
knew it was me so that was really kind
of my motivation and my purpose uh and
that now as I really kind of reflect
back you know after my football
career that's where I got the desire
this is where I really kind of mapped
out the blueprint of how I became to and
I I try to inspire a lot of kids that
really have a a road map or a blueprint
to to make it to the next level they can
look at what I did and what I
accomplished and give them hope and
motivation so anybody in America you
know people that are watching everybody
has one of the 3DS that I mentioned
everybody has the desire to do something
but they don't have that that they don't
know how to really
complete
complete the process of dedicating them
and having the discipline to do it and
so that's what I try to do when I speak
to kids is motivate them and tell them
like if you got the desire you got to
match match that desire with your
dedication and you got to match it with
your discipline yeah I love that and and
I was blown away reading your um book on
Fitness finding Fitness which is an
intriguing Title by the way um but the
forward from Jerry Rice if I was going
to ask anybody to to put the moniker on
me as a hard worker literally of the
entire world who would I want to say I
was a hard worker Jerry Rice right that
guy's work ethic is legendary it's
insane the punishment that he put
himself through and how he was able to
last for 20 years that is AB absolutely
nuts and he was effusive with his praise
of you your work ethic how hard you went
every day always pushing yourself so
what what is it that you tell kids CU
you talk a lot about that blueprint for
the next level you clearly had not only
to the the desire but the dedication and
the discipline how did you develop the
dedication and the discipline to
actually pull it off so you you just
said it sort of starts a little bit
clumsy you didn't know what you're doing
um you've talked a lot about listening
to people
how did you know who to listen to what
advice to take what advice to ignore
what did that process look like when I
played at University of Tennessee at
Chattanooga that's when I started
getting a lot of Praise from a lot of
the the defensive coaches from opposing
teams um some of the players um just
started getting recognized throughout
the conference of my play I had a guy by
the name of Derek Hall we went to the
same high school and so he was heavily
recruited that's how I got to chattan
because they were recruiting him and so
for me
um I just basically took advantage of
the opportunities that were given to me
and did you recognize that at the time
like hey I I they're coming for him but
I'm in a crush it I'm going to put on a
show I did not know at all um I was just
there because they offered me a
scholarship um my mom you know she wor
she we came from a lowincome family so
for me that was an opportunity for me is
to you know gain an education so
football was kind of like you know just
maybe secondary to me I'm I'm in this
environment with all my teammates they
were better than me I was like man these
guys are super fast or super strong it's
like how am I going to fit in so I
realized at that time that I had to get
in the weight room in order to to really
feel relevant I had to get on their
level and so those are some of the
things I think outside of everything
else that I kind of just prided myself
in is just
really putting forth the effort for me I
didn't really realize that I was going
to play beyond the Collegiate level I
just really had no idea what my future
held and that was just the the
motivation for me is
just not being average understanding
that if I wanted to be on the level of
the peers that were around me I had to
do whatever it took you know to to get
on that level and that was hard work and
you talk about Fitness Fitness is almost
like um it's almost like a relationship
you know you can't you can't cheat on it
and expect it to work I I I took no I
took no shortcuts no I cut no corners
again I summertime I didn't have the
means to get back and forth to go home
for the summer so I stayed at I stayed
on campus um I took some summer school
classes I was eating ramen noodles
morning noon and night bro we didn't
have we didn't have a lot I didn't have
a lot of money I mean I was doing
whatever I could to to make it work I
mean I was doing you know just running
around campus just to keep myself in
shape because I knew after my freshman
year I wanted to play more um so those
are the things that I did you know again
behind the scenes and that's that's
where that discipline comes in that's
where where it's applicable is because
discipline is doing something that
nobody else will ever do and you have to
dedicate yourself to that you have to
dedicate yourself to the craft
understanding that there may be some
good that come out of it and you have to
prepare yourself and I even with my son
I try to tell him the same thing is you
know he's worried about him himself not
being tall enough or you know big enough
you know or not getting enough playing
time the only thing that he can worry
about in control is the effort that it
takes to to Really prepare himself for
when the coaches or somebody gives him
that opportunity that he's ready not
just mentally ready but physically ready
man that I really hope people hear your
message because that is so powerful
honestly before I really dug in I assume
that you were sort of a natural physical
specimen and and you know just leveraged
what you had obviously leveraged it
right no one would ever say you were
lazy but I I had no idea that you had
struggled when you were younger and that
you really had to mentally prepare
yourself and you said in your book um
that the it all starts with the mind and
I thought holy like this guy really
understands like how to create greatness
so everything that I've I've
accomplished man I'm I'm I'm I'm truly
blessed and honored um
to have been able to compete with the
best in the world um not many can say
that and so I understand that you know
my message and and my path and my
blueprint to to to make it to the to the
next level can definitely inspire you
know not just any kid but anybody you
know trying to achieve anything in life
yeah I love what you're telling your son
about the only thing you control is the
amount of effort that you put in and you
have to be ready when the coach calls
because if you're not prepared at that
moment um then you're not going to be
able to make anything
I mean obviously much has been made
about your celebrations and all of that
but when Jerry Rice who played with you
for years and years and years says he
came in Humble he came in hungry and he
worked every day to get better like
that's such a powerful message and when
I think about so obviously this show is
designed really to help people
understand what they need to do I mean
the the one part of the show that I say
every time is that having potential is
not the same as doing something with
your potential right so you had
potential but you actually manifested
that you put in the work to to achieve
something absolutely incredible and
making that your mission as an
ambassador to youth I think is
incredibly powerful what is it that you
think stops people though from so they
have the desire right they've got some
level of they want something is it that
their desire isn't enough is it that
they don't fuel their desire or the
least popular of all but something I
really believe in they're not angry
enough um I mean there are a number of
things that come up there are mental
roadblocks um I think a lot of people um
you know they set the set these goals
for themselves and when they don't reach
them then it's discouraging and
sometimes you need somebody to to push
themselves sometime for me for me it was
self I was self-motivated and sometimes
other people they need that little oomph
they need that little push that's the
grind of it all um but you have to look
at the bigger picture um you have to
have belief in yourself and you have to
have faith in yourself and faith is not
really just having or understanding that
everything will be okay but faith is is
is is understanding that if things don't
go your way or if it doesn't turn out
the way you want to it's still going to
be okay do you think it's going to be
okay no matter what or do you think it's
going to be okay if you put in the hard
ass work yeah you got to put in that
work and got to understand that it's
going to pay off it may not pay off when
you want it to but that's the beauty of
preparing yourself and that's what I try
to tell my son and I try to you know
really
emphasize don't worry about things that
you cannot control but the things that
you can control that's what you have to
manifest because when the opportunity is
given to you and you don't step up to
the plate and you're not
prepared who's going to be
disappointed not only your teammates or
who whomever gave you that opportunity
is going to be disappointed but you it's
a big let down to yourself and now
you're starting to play mind games with
yourself did I do enough you know did I
put enough hard work into it but if you
know in your mind that you did
everything that you you you could do or
you did then nothing else nothing else
really matters and that's what I did for
myself I understood like you talked
about celebrations and I got a lot of
flak about my celebrations and now you
look at you know what's going on in the
league it PS in comparison as far as you
know how they view things
um but for me I was always being
creative I was Finding ways to motivate
myself when things kind of got a little
bored and mundane and again that's that
self motivation so if I needed something
to to motivate me you know every week to
get in an end zone that was me coming up
with something creative yeah somebody
made a comment about that and I thought
oh my God that's so smart like they
actually understood they said think
about all the creativity he puts into
like having the pen in the sock or
grabbing the pom poms or the dance
they're like he really thinks about this
stuff and they said but that means he
thinks about getting in the end zone and
I thought you get it like you get what
he's doing you get like this is an
obsession for this guy like and this is
something that drives me crazy so you
talk about self-motivation you talk
about like really making sure you're
prepared I don't know how to explain
that to people like I don't know like
you so physically I'm I am not going to
be competing in the NFL anytime soon but
mentally I was the the same as you right
so I didn't show early signs of promise
I wasn't from a business perspective
heavily recruited like there was nothing
about me that anybody was going to say
wow that guy's really going to go on to
do something but I was really
hungry right so I had you want to talk
about desire had desire I always knew I
was going to be successful I just didn't
know how I was going to pull it off but
when I go to explain to people about and
people have said that you play angry and
I don't know if you'd agree with that
but I actually like that description oh
yeah you got to play with a chip on your
shoulder so in terms of the creativity
the things that I did that I came up
with a lot of it had to do with the
confidence against that self-motivation
but it was self-confidence at the same
time too to go out and pull off some of
the things that I did some of it was uh
premeditated and some of it was was uh
was impromptu sir um for example the the
Sharpie you know that was literally on
the spot impromptu that wasn't playing
um except for right the the series
before I before I went out there yeah I
love that stuff I think it's super
entertaining and I I know that you've
caught a lot of flb but anyway I love
just the obsession with getting in the
end zone and what I love about the
things that have really piss you off or
upset you is that you've ended up
leveraging it and you've said you know
look I've played through pain I've
played through people not believing in
me I've played through hate all of that
I find adversity does one of two things
to people it either breaks them and they
go on to do nothing or people who
understand how to leverage that and I um
I recently did an Instagram post and I
said I I am motivated by Beauty and rage
in equal measure right it is there are
things that I'm purely just moving
towards right like I want to bring
something beautiful to the world I want
to help people I want to show people how
to have impact in their own life on the
world whatever like that's I'm moving
towards something that's beautiful but
there are other times where either I
have a sense of inadequacy in myself
that I just won't tolerate from myself
in myself and then there's times where
people doubt me um hate on me whatever
the case may be and you can leverage
that as well to go on to do something as
somebody who never got in trouble off
the field clearly you found a way to
leverage that what I was doing is being
creative
so when I'm in an in an in that type of
environment you know having to sit sit
out a whole week and listen to all the
naysayers the negative things that that
were being said about me I didn't allow
that to deter who I was and what I could
do on the football field um I understood
that if I went out week in and week out
no matter whatever the situation or
scenario was if I went out and I played
poorly knowing that all these
commentator these analysts were saying
all these things you know
really really testing my character
really digging at my character I knew
that if I went out there and I played
poorly that was going to only validate
what they were saying about me to put a
fine point then on on how to leverage
anger would you say that it's a fair
assessment that anger is the thing that
lets you do that one more rep absolutely
watching TV listening to all the the
analyst you know really just talk bad
about me I remember those things those
are the things that drove me to do or
get up and work out my trainer had to
tell me that I couldn't train
anymore cuz I had he told me that my
body needed rest and when I did have an
injury getting on top of it right away
um with Cutting Edge
technology even when I went to the Super
Bowl you know nobody had ever really
kind of heard of the hyperbaric chamber
um these are type of things that you
know from my from my trainer introducing
me to a homeopathic person um that
basically enabled me to to to get back
on that football field in like six and a
half seven weeks yeah crazy with screws
and a plate right two screws and a plate
doctors across the country it was I was
the talk of the Super Bowl at that time
um for for two weeks leading up to the
Super Bowl is was I going to be ready um
how do you play through pain like what
do you what do you have to do to
yourself psychologically to to get out
there because it wasn't like you were
completely healed but I had to mentally
trick myself that I was healed um I had
enough faith in in in in God above that
number one I was going to be able to
play um and I was going to be able to go
out there and perform on top of that so
to really mentally block everything out
knowing that I wasn't 100% I had to tell
myself you know I was 100% And I think
certain athletes get into that mental uh
Matrix and there's nothing that anybody
could do to to to stop you now do you
use affirmations I know you mentioned
them in your book on Fitness yeah I mean
I'm
always really just trying to
stay on edge um whatever I need to do to
to to to keep that Competitive Edge then
I do it what's something that you repeat
to yourself right
now
um I think for me it's just really
growing up in the South and hear hearing
my grandmother say you know that you
know she she she recited she recites the
scripture uh Philippians 4:13 you know
that I can do all things through Christ
who strengthens me and and that that
Rings loudly in in in in anything that I
that I face with um how do you translate
that into work though because you've
always been somebody that the the rubber
meets the road with faith right that
Faith isn't sort of an abstract concept
you always put it into tangible practice
so how have you translated that into
like work so it's a little maybe more
obvious with football but like with
prototype 81 your clothing line having
done a clothing line I know know how
hard that is well this you just said
it's it's hard there's a lot of lot of
work lot of details um and it's a lot of
details doesn't quite cover I mean it's
it is insane like when I heard that you
were involved in picking fabrics and all
of that stuff and you've been very
generous about acknowledging your
designers and all that but like I know
the just obscene amount of details that
It Go like you have to decide zipper
style right who thinks about that right
Stitch style it's understanding what
what you're engulfing yourself into do
you treat it like you did football like
the absolutely there's there are things
that are synonymous with football that I
I use in in in the fashion industry and
so what are a couple of those that
that's just really understanding and
trying to Perfect The Craft um you think
about all the brand designers that are
out there think out outside of the box
they don't think uh of the norm and
that's how I was when I was on the
football field so having to educate
myself on the different types of uh the
different types of fabric has been
awesome they've been in the fashion down
in fashion uh District on eth and San
Pedro Santi like you know understanding
what two-way fabric is four-way fabric
um spandex po so walk us through that
because it doesn't have to be fashion
right it can be anything and you've
talked about spending 45 minutes a day
to to really learn something every day
to put in that work mentally what is the
process cuz right now somebody watching
this they have the desire they know what
they they want to do something with
their life right but they don't know how
to learn about that thing they may not
even know that that's what stands
between them and being successful is
learning how did that process go for you
in
fashion uh it wasn't easy it was just uh
to start with a book a web page no I I
kind of just jumped right in it wasn't
me going to you know some store you
grabbing some fashion book and start and
you know flip through and like how do I
become a fashion designer or you know
how do I get you know how do be how do I
get get guled into this industry I kind
of just learned I was kind of just
thrown into it as a receiver you know
what you're trying to do to become
better at that position in the fashion
industry it's it's not so clearcut um
it's all about just trying to find your
your your identity what can you do in
the fashion industry to kind of set
yourself apart yeah I love what you said
about educating yourself to the process
so continuing on with your process of
Education how do you pick the books that
you read
um I'm not a real book reader um but
again I'm I'm I'm big on sometimes on
quotes sometimes I'm I'm going through
people's Instagrams or I may see
something uh on a wall um I'll I'll I'll
screenshot it and what do you do if
something really hits you a quote do you
write them down do you repeat them try
to use them like how do you make I try
to I I try to utilize them um at some
point and apply it to whatever it may
may be be going through or I may use it
to maybe if it's not for myself use it
for somebody else it could definitely
help somebody else because I feel like
sometime in order for it to resonate
with me then there's some type of
connection there and I understand that
there are a lot of people that want to
know or want to be you know to the
receiver
and along the way I've
used a lot of people's information um to
help me get to who get to where I I was
and and and where I am um it's just not
it's you know sometimes people say it's
self-made but somebody has helped that
person along the way or given them that
push that that that that normally they
probably wouldn't have gotten or they
just maybe have been in the right place
at the right time and for me I know that
it was really the right people at the
right time for me um and and I think
I've been inaccurately portrayed
in terms of uh who I am as a person and
that's what really fueled me and
motivated me to go out there and prove
everybody wrong on the football field um
everybody has that motivation you don't
want to be um pegged or be put into a
negative light for for for anything um
things happen that's just part of life
and it's how you react or respond to
those things um and how you eliminate uh
the mistakes and the mistakes that are
being made how you make good on those
how do you better yourself and try to
minimize those mistakes going forward
that that's applicable to not only Just
Sports but just life and general what
techniques do you use now to better
yourself it's I I think it's easy for
people to understand when it's a sport
you go out you work out um get faster
watch tape so that you're really
learning about the game and your
opponent but what are you doing now like
how how is that process of getting
better as it relates to like what you're
doing in fashion I think just being
patient and not really reacting I think
and that that comes with maturation that
comes with you know becoming older and
wiser um there are things now that that
have happened that I just don't react to
um you know and I find a better way to
respond and do you think about it in
terms of like okay this is my goal so it
watching so the nice thing about
researching somebody for an interview is
you get to see their entire life
condensed right so over the last couple
days I've watched you know a 15 20 year
career like crushed down and I see you
go from the Brash Entertainer crushing
it on the field not afraid to the I love
the interview that you did in your
driveway where you doing the sit-ups and
lifting I mean just absolutely
hysterical to now where it's you see
somebody being really strategic and
saying I'm tired of being misperceived
so I'm going to take control of my
narrative much like you're telling your
son the only thing you can control is
the effort that you put in the only
thing you can control is how you react
right and there's that wonder I forget
if it's um who said it but there's that
gap between the stimulus and response
right and and who you are exists in that
and you get to decide how you're going
to react and I see you really shaping a
new vision for um how you want others to
perceive you which I think is going to
free you up to be successful in in a
whole lot of areas what did that
strategy look like as you began to put
it together well it's a little different
uh in football I could really take my
anger out on an opponent you know I mean
uh versus you know uh in the fashion
industry you know if I tried to do that
then that's only going to tarnish you
know that's only going to tarnish big
hit probably go well right it's going to
tarnish you know what I'm trying to
establish with the brand so I think
everything that I've been able to
establish for myself from a brand
standpoint
um and I try to embody um everything
that it has taken me to be successful in
football I try to embody that and I try
to apply it to um in a more strategic
way in the fashion industry my clothing
line again uh it's going to kind of
reflect you know some of that
flamboyancy um that I showed on the
football field it's going to be able to
stand out U be able to stand alone and
and differentiate itself um with what's
out what's out there in the market and
and and in order for me to accomplish
these things um there are people that
that are helping me along the way yeah
do you consider yourself a good
listener yes I mean I think a lot of
people um feel like they're good Len
listeners um and I think that the
difference
between
um a good listener and uh a person that
listens is is someone that really kind
of listens to understand versus
listening to
respond that's interesting you get what
I'm saying I do yeah there's do you
listen to respond or understand now I
mean back in the day I probably was
listening to respond that's that I think
that's very instinctive for anybody if
you're going through any type of
situation a lot of people they just they
listen and they're not they're listening
they're hearing the person talk but
they're really waiting for that person
to finish so they can respond not really
understanding where that person is
coming from yeah you have a real
self-awareness about that which as an
entrepreneur is is just one of those
absolutely critical things that you have
to have is the ability to um know what
works best for you how much do you think
about um about self-awareness about
trying to figure out sort of yourself
and and what works for you and how much
do you try to change it if you're not
happy with your sort of Natural State
well I think for me I know like in terms
of understanding what I was trying to
accomplish with football I understood
that I wasn't as good as I wanted to be
but I could be better I mean you always
hear that cliche you know get better
every day you know I want to get better
but you have to believe it you have to
want to really get better that's why I I
I keep talking about those those
roadblocks it may not happen at the
moment that you wanted to but you got to
understand the process everybody wants
it
yesterday if that was the case then
there'd be a lot lot a lot of great
athletes um that that have played in the
National Football League but there's
only a so there's so few that make it
and there's so few that become great I
never really thought of myself as as
being a great
receiver I'm like top three in the
National Football League back in 92
coming out of high school it wasn't it
wasn't even a
thought I didn't I mean and you
attribute that to the process working
building yeah just yeah taking advantage
of the opportunities and you got to
recognize those opportunities when
they're in front of you um I I just been
really fortunate really to have you know
it's one thing that you know really kind
of believe in yourself but really to
genuinely have people that believe in
you too that can take
somebody through the roof every athletes
I'm sure at some point in their life
they're going to have those
doubts but you can't let those doubts
overcome or overwhelm the really the
bigger picture and that's with anybody
you just got to realize what your
weaknesses are if somebody criticizes
you take it as a constructive criticism
and that's what I had to do too that's
awesome I love what you talk about the
process like everybody wants it
yesterday but it's the process the
process is what turns Terrell into to
it's the process that lets you go from
basketball to football Superstar it's
the process that lets you go from
underdeveloped Rookie to one of the
greatest wide receivers of all time in
the NFL it's the process man that's so
awesome I love that and then you just
got to have fun with the process too you
got to understand that it's not going to
be easy people think that
it's that there's no
challenges again people want it
yesterday and that's the beauty of
becoming successful is looking back on
it knowing what you've gone through and
appreciating the success and the process
otherwise just it's literally like
you're going to a job and I literally
tried to have fun fun with it and that's
when I started to become very very
creative and I try and I was very very
confident and it's and when I say that
the media inaccurately portrays me as
being arrogant or egotistical it's
because they didn't understand me and so
for me it wasn't for me to go out my way
to try to make people understand who I
who I am it's up to you or the
individual to process the other person
so for
me I understand that you know sometimes
people have a committed understanding of
who you are and they don't want to go
away from that and so the same
perception is reality in my case
perception is not reality because what
people saw and how they view me or see
me now from what they've heard is not
who I am off the football field and as a
person that makes a lot of sense man so
what's the impact that you want to have
on the world Me Now is really taking
what I've been able to to to to build
for myself establishing a brand an
identity um for myself uh enabling you
know kids that that look up to me uh to
to understand what it takes to get to
get to that next level um again it's so
crazy that we're in a world where
everything is at your fingertips in
terms of technology so there really
shouldn't be any excuse as to why you
fail because everything is accessible I
I I'm an ordinary guy that have done
some definitely some extraordinary
things so I know that literally if if
honestly if I can make it anybody else
can make it if they apply themselves and
it's not sometimes it's not going to be
easy you know as a little kid you know
as a teenager I I had a lot of self like
I said self-esteem issues I was bullied
picked on I mean I got beat
up didn't have didn't have any
girlfriends no girls like me like these
are things that you
know people on the outside world really
probably don't understand that I went
through real life things my desire was
just like anybody else's but what set me
apart was I dedicated myself and there
was a discipline to me to do the things
that guys don't do that just don't
sacrifice and that's what I did
throughout the course of my career and
what an amazing result that knowledge
and all the sacrifices and everything
had I mean it was just an unbelievable
career man I just love the notion of the
process I think that's
amazing just Terell thank you so much
for joining us man pleasure to share
that absolutely and terl where can they
find you
online online yeah um my my clothing
line it'll be coming out next month um
right now we have the
[Music]
this guy is not your All-American
natural-born athlete who shot out of the
womb running a 40 at unbelievable time
he had to build himself up he had to
become something and it was Brick by
Brick that he really turned Terrell into
to it is one of the most fascinating
Tales of actuating your potential I've
ever heard it is unbelievable watch this
again listen to the things that he gives
his answers were surprising to me
because from a distance when you look at
this man
it seems the prototypical story of
god-given
talent but as you look closer what you
realizes it is the prototypical story of
hard ass work and that inspires me I
hope it inspires you guys to figure out
what it is you need to do to accomplish
what you guys want to accomplish Terell
thank you so much for joining us man
what an absolute pleasure guys please
give it up Terell Owens thank you all
right guys it is a weekly show as you
know if you have not yet be sure to
subscribe we're trying to get as many
amazing people like this as we can to
come on the show and reveal their
secrets to us all and also until next
time my friends be legendary take care
all right guys thanks for joining
us hey everybody thanks so much for
joining us for another episode of impact
theory if this content is adding value
to your life our one ask is that you go
to iTunes and Stitcher and rate and view
not only does that help us build this
community which at the end of the day is
all we care about but it also helps us
get even more amazing guests on here to
share their knowledge with all of us
thank you guys so much for being a part
of this community and until next time be
legendary my
[Music]
friends